DoD and Numbering format (#252)
finos/common-cloud-controls: docs/governance/community-guidelines/numbering-format.md

# Numbering Format

## Taxonomy

This is the proposed numbering format used in the taxonomy service features.

`CCC.TX.CAT.XX.YYY`

- **CCC** - Common Coloud Control. Fixed
- **TX** - Taxonomy. Fixed

> - **CAT** - Refer to Category. Valid values NW (Network Services), COMP (Computing Services), DB (Database Services), STR (Storage Services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CAT** - Refer to Category. Valid values: NW (Network Services), COMP (Computing Services), DB (Database Services), STR (Storage Services)
```

Is this a comprehensive list?

Author: No. These are the only categories we have started work on at the moment

> - **XX** - Service Number within the Category. Numbering will specify the order we start working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **XX** - Service Number within the Category. Numbering will dictate the sequence of work.
```

> - **YYY** - Feature Number within the Service. Numbering will not decide a prority order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **YYY** - Feature Number within the Service. Numbering will not decide a priority order.
```

> - **YYY** - Feature Number within the Service. Numbering will not decide a priority order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **YYY** - Feature Number within the Service. Numbering will not decide a priority.
```
